Mom?
sister
Your marriage to your brother-in-law was a mistake
Now the family is short of funds
I share for the family
What else are you dissatisfied with?
Sister, I beg you, it's impossible
Mom is gone
Really?
We all play like this
What if he's not afraid?
I have a way
That's it!
Don't be afraid that he is not enough
You want to quit?
Mr. Shen, why are you here?
What do you think? The cooperation is all yellow.
I have to come in person.
Who would have thought that Mr. Gu really cared about him so much?
Billions of dollars in benefits
If you say no, don't
It's really big this time
Miss Lucy is such an excellent secretary
The vice president can't keep you
Then you might as well come to my company.
I will triple your salary.
Mr. Shen, I am Shen Zhennan
Stay away from him